The capital of the United States of America is Washington, D.C. It has been the capital since 1790 and is located on the Potomac River.

The capital of the United Kingdom is London. London has been the capital since the 12th century and is located on the River Thames.

The capital of France is Paris. Paris is known as the City of Light and has been the capital since the 10th century.

The capital of Germany is Berlin. Berlin became the capital of reunified Germany in 1990.

The capital of Japan is Tokyo. Tokyo has been the capital since 1868 when Emperor Meiji moved the court from Kyoto.

The capital of India is New Delhi. New Delhi was inaugurated as the capital in 1931, replacing Calcutta.

The capital of China is Beijing. Beijing has served as the capital for most of the last eight centuries.

The capital of Russia is Moscow. Moscow has been the capital since 1918 when it replaced Petrograd (Saint Petersburg).

The capital of Brazil is Brasília. Brasília was purpose-built and became the capital in 1960, replacing Rio de Janeiro.

The capital of Australia is Canberra. Canberra was selected as a compromise between Sydney and Melbourne and became the capital in 1927.

The capital of Canada is Ottawa. Ottawa was chosen as the capital by Queen Victoria in 1857.

The capital of Italy is Rome. Rome has been the capital of unified Italy since 1871.

The capital of Spain is Madrid. Madrid has been the capital since 1561 when Philip II moved the court there.

The capital of Mexico is Mexico City. Mexico City was built on the ruins of the Aztec capital Tenochtitlan.

The capital of South Korea is Seoul. Seoul has been the capital of Korea for over 600 years.

The capital of Argentina is Buenos Aires. Buenos Aires has been the capital since 1880.

The capital of South Africa has three capitals: Pretoria (executive), Cape Town (legislative), and Bloemfontein (judicial).

The capital of Egypt is Cairo. Cairo was founded in 969 AD and is the largest city in the Arab world.

The capital of Turkey is Ankara. Ankara replaced Istanbul as the capital in 1923 when the Republic of Turkey was established.

The capital of Saudi Arabia is Riyadh. Riyadh has been the capital since the founding of the modern Saudi state in 1932.

The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta. However, Indonesia is in the process of moving its capital to Nusantara on the island of Borneo.

The capital of Nigeria is Abuja. Abuja replaced Lagos as the capital in 1991.

The capital of Pakistan is Islamabad. Islamabad was built in the 1960s and replaced Karachi as the capital.

The capital of Bangladesh is Dhaka. Dhaka is one of the most densely populated cities in the world.

The capital of Thailand is Bangkok. Bangkok has been the capital since 1782.

The capital of Vietnam is Hanoi. Hanoi has been the capital for over a thousand years.

The capital of the Philippines is Manila. Manila is located on the eastern shore of Manila Bay.

The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur. The administrative capital is Putrajaya.

The capital of Singapore is Singapore. Singapore is a city-state, so the entire country is effectively the capital.

The capital of Sweden is Stockholm. Stockholm has been the capital since the 13th century.

The capital of Norway is Oslo. Oslo has been the capital since 1814.

The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen. Copenhagen has been the capital since the 15th century.

The capital of Finland is Helsinki. Helsinki has been the capital since 1812.

The capital of Poland is Warsaw. Warsaw has been the capital since 1596.

The capital of Netherlands is Amsterdam. Amsterdam is the constitutional capital, while The Hague is the seat of government.

The capital of Belgium is Brussels. Brussels also serves as the de facto capital of the European Union.

The capital of Switzerland is Bern. Bern has been the federal city (capital) since 1848.

The capital of Austria is Vienna. Vienna has been the capital since the Habsburg era.

The capital of Portugal is Lisbon. Lisbon has been the capital since 1255.

The capital of Greece is Athens. Athens is one of the oldest cities in the world and the birthplace of democracy.

The capital of Ireland is Dublin. Dublin has been the capital since the medieval period.

The capital of New Zealand is Wellington. Wellington has been the capital since 1865, replacing Auckland.

The capital of Kenya is Nairobi. Nairobi has been the capital since Kenya's independence in 1963.

The capital of Ethiopia is Addis Ababa. Addis Ababa was founded in 1886 and is also the headquarters of the African Union.

The capital of Ghana is Accra. Accra has been the capital since 1877.

The capital of Tanzania is Dodoma. Dodoma officially replaced Dar es Salaam as the capital in 1996.

The capital of Colombia is Bogotá. Bogotá is located high in the Andes at an elevation of 2,640 meters.

The capital of Peru is Lima. Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535.

The capital of Chile is Santiago. Santiago has been the capital since colonial times.

The capital of Venezuela is Caracas. Caracas was the birthplace of Simón Bolívar.

The capital of Cuba is Havana. Havana has been the capital since the 16th century.

The capital of Israel is Jerusalem (as declared by Israel; internationally disputed). Many countries maintain embassies in Tel Aviv.

The capital of Iran is Tehran. Tehran has been the capital since 1786.

The capital of Iraq is Baghdad. Baghdad was founded in 762 AD and was the center of the Islamic Golden Age.

The capital of Ukraine is Kyiv. Kyiv is one of the oldest cities in Eastern Europe, founded in the 5th century.

The capital of Czech Republic (Czechia) is Prague. Prague has been the capital since the 9th century.

The capital of Hungary is Budapest. Budapest was formed in 1873 by merging Buda, Óbuda, and Pest.

The capital of Romania is Bucharest. Bucharest has been the capital since 1862.

The capital of Morocco is Rabat. Rabat has been the capital since 1912.

The capital of Algeria is Algiers. Algiers has been the capital since Algeria's independence in 1962.

The capital of Nepal is Kathmandu. Kathmandu is located in a valley surrounded by the Himalayas.

The capital of Sri Lanka has two capitals: Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte (legislative) and Colombo (executive/commercial).

The capital of Myanmar is Naypyidaw. Naypyidaw replaced Yangon as the capital in 2006.

The capital of Mongolia is Ulaanbaatar. Ulaanbaatar is the coldest capital city in the world.

The capital of Jamaica is Kingston. Kingston has been the capital since 1872.

The capital of Iceland is Reykjavik. Reykjavik is the northernmost capital of a sovereign state.

The capital of Luxembourg is Luxembourg City. Luxembourg is one of the smallest countries in Europe.

The capital of Costa Rica is San José. San José has been the capital since 1823.

The capital of Panama is Panama City. Panama City is the only capital city that has a tropical rainforest within its city limits.

The capital of Uruguay is Montevideo. Montevideo is home to nearly half of Uruguay's population.

The capital of Paraguay is Asunción. Asunción is one of the oldest cities in South America, founded in 1537.

The capital of Bolivia has two capitals: Sucre (constitutional) and La Paz (administrative). La Paz is the highest capital city in the world.

The capital of Ecuador is Quito. Quito was one of the first UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
